<table style="width:99%;"><colgroup><col width="16%" /><col width="17%" /><col width="8%" /><col width="12%" /><col width="12%" /><col width="10%" /><col width="10%" /><col width="10%" /></colgroup><thead><tr class="header"><th align="left"><strong>ITIL Category</strong></th><th align="left"><strong>NFR</strong></th><th align="left"><strong>Mandatory? (Y or TBD)</strong></th><th align="left"><strong>What is it?</strong></th><th align="left"><strong>Why is it important?</strong></th><th align="left"><strong>Measurement</strong></th><th align="left"><strong>Included in Requirements?</strong></th><th align="left"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Yes(Y)/No (N)</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Comments - For Mandatory NFRs - if not included then why not?</strong></td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Availability</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong>The time the solution is fully operational, as a percentage of total time</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Key criteria of online systems because when systems are down - users, productivity, and critical business processes are negativity impacted.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Availability</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Service Hours</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified Service Hours - these are the hours of operation of the service covered by this set of requirements? This is for each location. There may be different hours of operation for different parts of the Service and for different locations (e.g. India).</td><td align="left">This could affect the high level of the solution -- for example if there are batch windows available or does the solution have to be 24x7.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Availability</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Peak Hours / Critical Periods</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any hours where the service / system will be most used? Also have you specified any particular business critical period (e.g. Finance EOY) where special arrangements may be required. Core (when most users are going to use it in the location for example based on staffing patterns) &amp; non-Core hours may also need to be captured here if relevant. No changes, no maintenance unless clear and imminent risk. In case of need, try to defer to next non-critical period and if not possible to next critical period.</td><td align="left">This will affect the design and may have an impact on other systems which interface with this one. For example Finance month end &amp; year end processing are important factors to consider.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Availability</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Availability Percentage of Service Hours</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">The Availability Target defines the minimum time span the application should be available during the agreed Service hours. Have you specified availability requirements -for example target % of Service Hours?</td><td align="left">This may be used by Solution Consultants to determine the type of infrastructure solution required, for example if high availability is required for an on-line system the project needs to design for it &amp; more than one clustered application and / or database server may be required - this will result in additional cost to the project. Additionally this includes business impact e.g. by lost business per hour or by process or function.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Availability</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Maximum Expectable outages/hours</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified how many &quot;outages&quot; over a defined period of time &amp; maximum length of any outage that the business would find acceptable for this service / system?</td><td align="left">This includes unscheduled &amp; scheduled downtime &amp; maintenance - so that we can understand when routine maintenance can be scheduled. This would affect the design - if the business could not accept any outages then the design would need to allow for this - potentially expensive! There are 2 targets in one here, the first is how many outages, which is the reliability (e.g. less than 5 a month) and the second is maximum time to restore service, or target to restore service (e.g. within 4 hours)</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Availability</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Maintenance Windows</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Maintenance windows are foreseen and agreed downtimes in order to run changes, housekeeping works, specific tests (e.g. DR) and full back-ups...</td><td align="left">Maintenance windows are planned in for each system / application and any impact on service hours can be assessed and avoided where possible.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Availability</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Sanity Check Measurement</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Aims at verifying the availability of the applications by checking both infrastructural components and overall functioning</td><td align="left">Helps with ensuring components are at an expected state</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Day-to-day supervision and technical support for the AXA IT infrastructure.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Has direct impact on how a solution or service is delivered to the business. Operations can also have an impact on the total cost of running a solution.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Business Criticality</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified whether the system / service is business critical or not - is it one of the AXA GO Strategic Monitored Services?</td><td align="left">Has different uses but mainly an AXA GO term -- affects level of support, priority, monitoring &amp; DR. See Analysis &amp; Design help for more explanation.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Application Supported Hours</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified the hours where support is required by application support teams? Also any out hours support required. This may be different to the Service Hours and it also may be different by different types of support needed.</td><td align="left">Supported hours are the hours that the business require various IT teams &amp; suppliers to provide or be available to provide support to them, for example in the event of a problem. This is often &quot;standard&quot; &amp; it will be important to highlight any differences as this will likely involve a cost to the business. This info will be used to &quot;design&quot; the support solution (documented in the Statement of Support) and may affect ongoing support costs.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Infrastructure Supported Hours</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified the hours where support is required by both the applications support and any underlying infrastructure support teams? Also any out hours support required. This may be different to the Service Hours because of planned maintenance requirements and it also may be different by different types of support needed.</td><td align="left">Supported hours are the hours that the business require various IT teams &amp; suppliers to provide or be available to provide support to them, for example in the event of a problem. This is often &quot;standard&quot; &amp; it will be important to highlight any differences as this will likely involve a cost to the business. This info will be used to &quot;design&quot; the support solution (documented in the Statement of Support) and may affect ongoing support costs.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Prioritization / Dependencies</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any business requirements for prioritization or dependencies of processing that may affect the solution?</td><td align="left">The business may require that a process has been completed before another one starts. For example they may require that certain rates have been updated before users are allowed to produce quotes for new business or fund prices calculated for that day before claims are processed or may require that information is delivered to a third party by 5 a.m.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Extensibility &amp; Scalability</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any other requirements covering the ability for the solution to grow in the future (this is separate but related to capacity requirements), for example as more users are required can additional capacity easily be accommodated &amp; do system resources increase linearly in line with no of users (rather than for example exponentially)?</td><td align="left">The solution will need to work after day 1 - but we may need to design of it &amp; there could be an additional cost to the project.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Support</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you defined what support will be required once this service has gone into production?</td><td align="left">If the service is not supported - then what happens when there is an issue when the project no longer exists? The cost to the project &amp; ongoing depends on the level of support needed - These costs are in the IT Project Service Variation &amp; the equivalent AXA GO &amp; other third party documents.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Maintainability</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified anything required from the project to maintain the service / system (or part of) - specify any requirements about who should maintain the service although the actual teams involved would be documented in the Statement of Support.</td><td align="left">For example what aspects do the business want to be able to maintain or configure themselves - this may affect the design &amp; cost.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Work Request Management</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any requirements that will affect the work request process or need work requests raised for BAU tasks after the service is live?</td><td align="left">Are there any components such as certain devices, e.g. laptops that are not part of the current WR offering/catalogue but need to be included for this services so that users can use WR to request items such as installation of new software - this may incur additional costs.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Training</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified requirements for training both people who will use the service &amp; people who will support the service? This includes the &quot;who&quot;, &quot;what&quot; &amp; &quot;when&quot; of training. It should also specify any facilities or material. For example are on-line demos required?</td><td align="left">Delivering training or facilities for training as part of a project has a cost but can be essential to ensure the success of the project.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Operational Documentation</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any non-project documentation that needs to be produced? This includes support, maintenance, manuals &amp; user documents - what it is, what the project should produce / update &amp; who is responsible for maintaining it - where stored &amp; processes used to maintain it.</td><td align="left">There is usually a cost associated with producing non-project documentation, therefore any requirements need to captured &amp; agreed so that they can be prioritized &amp; estimated.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Online Help</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any required help facilities - these can lead to additional functional requirements?</td><td align="left">If needed then will need to be built into the solution.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Setup Process</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">How easy is it to install? For example does the solution need to be installable by end users downloading it or by non-IT field staff at remote locations.</td><td align="left">Providing packaged installs may affect the cost -- additional software may need to be built.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Network Latency Consideration</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any requirements that are of significant impact to network - for example new country to connect to? However do not confuse this with the network design.</td><td align="left">For example you need to consider for offshoring - it needs to be design in, tested &amp; will have an additional cost.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Telephony</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any specific Telephony requirements?</td><td align="left">For example may have additional needs for a new call center or different staffing patterns as a result of the project - this needs to be designed &amp; will have a cost.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Environmental &amp; Physical</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any requirements for the physical environment that need to be met e.g. must be housed in waterproof area? This would also include safety</td><td align="left">E.g. for Physical requirements such as buildings - strength of flooring for IT kit etc.? Is there physical space for additional equipment? This may have a cost for project &amp; needs to be designed &amp; considered before the solution is delivered.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Platform</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any platform specific requirements such as will the solution need to work under Citrix?</td><td align="left">This needs to be clearly defined as may need additional testing - it may be relevant for different ways of working such as offshore.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Integration / Interfaces</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified interfaces or integration with 3rd parties or areas within the AXA landscape.</td><td align="left">For example certain information may need to be available to different third parties or customer data may need to be the same on more than one system. This will need to be designed &amp; may have additional costs.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>System Environments</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified requirements for development, support, testing, pre-production &amp; production environments to support the service / system.</td><td align="left">These are not usually environments required to carry out the projects which are covered in an ARK document that specifically covers this, but cover the actual delivered solution and how it is expected to be maintained after implementation.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Decommission</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified requirements for any decommission of software or hardware as a result of this project?</td><td align="left">There may be savings to be made by decommissioning software or hardware. Any service components can be eligible for decommissioning in different cases:<br />
- when an application infrastructure or service is changed<br />
- when the application itself is decommissioned<br />
- when an application no longer requires data or services from another</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Reusability &amp; Convergence</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any requirements relating to the reuse of existing solutions that enable convergence within IT?</td><td align="left">This is because we should be looking to re-use wherever possible to simplify our landscape &amp; not buy in additional systems that do the same as those that we already use.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Implementation Constraints</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Languages, Operating Systems, Standard, System Interfaces, Legacy Systems, Databases</td><td align="left">Supported versions of 3<sup>rd</sup> party software</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Portability</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any requirements that the solution must meet in terms of being portable from one environment to another?</td><td align="left">For example does the solution need the ability to move across operating systems as there is planned change in strategic direction?</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Operability</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Specify anything required from the project to operate the service / system (or part of) - specify any requirements about who should operate the service.</td><td align="left">For example if we are not looking for AXA GO to operate the service then who would it be?</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Ownership - Business &amp; IT</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified who will own the service / applications from an IT &amp; Business perspective?</td><td align="left">Information owners are need for security, new &amp; amended services / systems will need an IT &amp; Business owner for sign off &amp; responsibility.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Operation &amp; Tech Services</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Implementation/Deployment Approach</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Specify if there are any requirements for the way that the solution must be implemented -for example must be big bang (everyone must have new software at the same time) or must be phased rollout</td><td align="left">There may be legal or regulatory reasons why everyone must use a certain solution or version of software from a certain date. Or the business may want to control the rollout to fit alongside the training of users.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Security</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Security covers both the security of our data &amp; systems plus may also include physical security such as access to buildings.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>You should consider both internal and external users, transferring data between locations, access to systems, how data is stored.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left">Security</td><td align="left">Security (Data &amp; Physical)</td><td align="left">Y</td><td align="left">Have you specified security requirements for the project including changes of access rights (both business &amp; IT), encryption and other data or system security aspects? Note this may lead to further functional requirements which should be documented under the functional tab. The IT &amp; Business Security Managers should be engaged for assistance. This should include conformance to Group Security Risk Policy of which Secure Application Delivery forms a part.<br />
(I) See Group Security Risk Policy<br />
(ii) See Country or region specific information risk policies</td><td align="left">This is important for example to ensure that only the right people can access the service / system and that data AXA stores &amp; processes are protected in the right way.</td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left">Country or region specific policies may be recorded in standards documentation for that country or region<br />
i.e. UK Group Security Risk Policy is embedded within the ARK Policies section<br />
i.e. UK Project Delivery Standards are embedded within the ARK Standards section</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Security</strong></td><td align="left">Standard Security Management</td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Is a set of measures to ensure protection against IT threats in accordance with the specifications of the Group Information Security Policy &amp; Standards (GISPS)</td><td align="left">Information security is crucial in defending the information assets of the AX Tech infrastructure and reassuring the Operating Companies that their information is safe guarded.</td><td align="left">As recommended:<br />
- 24/7 antivirus, antimalware and spam filtering protection is guaranteed<br />
- Systems are patched against vulnerability in a timely manner. For Windows &amp; Linux systems the patches are applied on a timely manner<br />
- Network security is monitored against potential attacks and virus outbreaks<br />
- Set policies and standards for user administration</td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left">Should be a default infrastructure related requirement - possibly not visible to business unless deemed to be appropriate, but always discussed by project teams in IT and AXA GO</td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Security</strong></td><td align="left">Vulnerability Management</td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Is the constant assessment of the systems protection and vulnerability. Provides continuous protection against the latest worms and security threats.</td><td align="left">Helps manage security with centralized reports, verified remedies, and full remediation workflow capabilities.</td><td align="left">As recommended:<br />
- Systems are weekly scanned;<br />
- Vulnerabilities are assessed;<br />
- When needed, a trigger to security patch management process is raised or remediation's actions are triggered<br />
<br />
Results are documented in monthly &quot;Key Risk Indicators&quot; report.</td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left">Should be a default infrastructure related requirement - possibly not visible to business unless deemed to be appropriate, but always discussed by project teams in IT and AXA GO</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Security</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Security Monitoring</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Process used to detect attacks that originate from internal or external sources.</td><td align="left">Security monitoring ensures that security logs or events that may indicate an attempt (successful or not) to bypass controls in order to gain unauthorized access or data or systems are reviewed.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left">Should be a default infrastructure related requirement - possibly not visible to business unless deemed to be appropriate, but always discussed by project teams in IT and AXA GO</td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Security</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Compliance with Credit Card payment Industry Standards (PCI DSS)</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified PCI DSS requirements for the project? The IT &amp; Business Security Managers must be engaged for assistance to identify any PCI DSS impact (people, process, application or environment).<br />
Impact on PCI DSS compliance is not just restricted to credit card data but must be considered where any project involves users/teams, applications or locations covered by PCI DSS.<br />
Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard (DSS) is a global standard developed by the PCI Security Standards Council. This council was founded by the main card issuing brands.<br />
The goal of the PCI Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) is to protect cardholder data wherever it is processed, stored or transmitted. The security controls and processes required by PCI DSS are vital for protecting cardholder account data, including the PAN -- the primary account number printed on the front of a payment card. Merchants and any other service providers involved with payment card processing must never store sensitive authentication data after authorization.<br />
The PCI DSS applies to all entities that store, process, and/or transmit cardholder data. It covers technical<br />
and operational system components included in or connected to cardholder data. If you are a merchant who accepts or processes payment cards (AXA is), you must comply with the PCI DSS.</td><td align="left">- Network security is monitored against potential attacks and virus outbreaks</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left">Will be specific to countries or regions that take payment through cards</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Capacity</strong></td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"><strong>Capacity &amp; Throughput covers the requirements needed to handle the volume of business usage &amp; data. This may also include &quot;don't degrade&quot; type requirements where this is likely to be an issue, need verification (e.g. Tech Test) or to require investment to achieve.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Projected Growth is also very important -- it may be that day 1 volumes are very low but over 6-12 months predicted increase may be large -- the solution needs to be built to cope with predicted volumes - or highlight issues where it will not. A good question to find out is what the current business levels are &amp; how much will the business grow over the next 12 months?</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Capacity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Number of Users &amp; Locations</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified by location the number of users that the business expect the service / system / process to support? Different aspects of the service may have different numbers of users &amp; locations. Specify this at implementation date &amp; also the growth (for example after 6 months &amp; after 12 months). This may also be broken down further by type of function if this is a variable that affects the number of users. Also specify the type of user (for example Internal or External).</td><td align="left">This is a key requirement and will used together with the design to identify items such as:<br />
- Licenses required<br />
- Capacity of Infrastructure<br />
- Additional Infrastructure required<br />
- Additional connections to locations</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Capacity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Max users running in parallel at a point in time</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified the maximum concurrent users or user sessions that the business expect the service to support at any point in time (this could be at system or other aspect of the service level) at implementation date &amp; growth (for example after 6 months &amp; after 1 year)?</td><td align="left">This could affect the number of licenses required (depending on the solution) &amp; also the infrastructure design.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Capacity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Data Storage Requirements (current and projected)</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified the volume of data to be stored &amp; processed that the service / system is required to handle at the project implementation date &amp; the growth (say after 6 months &amp; after 1 year)? For example number of customers or number of claim records.</td><td align="left">This may be used to calculate storage requirements by, for example, AXA GO &amp; Solution Consultants which may result in additional costs depending on what is required.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Capacity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Capacity Forecast<br />
- Network<br />
- Distributed Systems<br />
- Mainframe</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">The process used to forecast the capacity required by the entity to meet demands.</td><td align="left">The output builds the capacity plan which is communicated to all relevant stakeholders.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Capacity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Capacity Management<br />
- Network<br />
- Distributed Systems<br />
- Mainframe</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">The process used to ensure that IT capacity meets current and future business requirements.</td><td align="left">Used to optimize performance and efficiency and plan for and justify financial investments.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Capacity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Thresholds<br />
- Network<br />
- Distributed Systems<br />
- Mainframe</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Thresholds are pre-defined points on capacity usage where from AXA GO is expected to take action</td><td align="left">Position operations to be proactive before a negative impact to the application or platform.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Capacity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>External Interface Volumes</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified the business volumes at implementation date &amp; the growth (for example after 6 months &amp; after 1 year) for any business interface external to the Service / System?</td><td align="left">This ensures we build a scalable solution to meet what the business plan to do in the future. For example if the business need the service to send or receive information to organizations such as HMRC or contracted out NI contributions.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Capacity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Data Retention</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified the length of time that data (Including databases &amp; interface files) is to be retained for and why?</td><td align="left">For example there may be legal or regulatory requirements to keep data for 7 years - this would need to be designed in &amp; may have an associated cost.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Performance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong>A measure of what is achieved or delivered by the solution.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>It is vital to understand how the solution is meeting its objectives and helps with documenting issues which can be used to assess future development or enhancements.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Performance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Performance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified the required response times? This should include responses during data entry &amp; background batch processing initiated online. A range could be specified - for example a minimum, average &amp; maximum. This could include areas such as Telephony (no of calls answered in a certain time) if relevant for the project. You should specify the start &amp; end points for the response time target &amp; volumes (load) over which the response times need to be met. An example could be complete a transaction within x seconds starting with a particular user action &amp; ending when the control is back with the user.</td><td align="left">This is often a key requirement for the business (Speed of use) and can be the difference between what you deliver being usable or unusable. This may affect design and result in additional infrastructure &amp; costs to achieve an acceptable response time - it will be used to test against to ensure that the project has delivered something that the business can use. An example would that new business quotes need to be returned to an external website within 2 seconds to be considered - if we don't meet this, then AXA has no chance of getting the business.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Performance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Performance - Batch</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified the required batch performance, turnaround times or deadlines? Should include batch window requirements, batch schedule requirements including timing, target completion time and dependencies</td><td align="left">This may affect the design - for example if there is key batch processing that must be within certain timescales then may need to design it be run concurrently or against a copy of the data.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left">Depends on application or solution.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Performance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>End-to-end Performance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">The end-to-end performance measurement aims at holistic checking of all layers regarding the expected and agreed targets with the customer.</td><td align="left">End to end performance measuring helps in estimating how many users an environment can handle. It can also prevent unpleasant situations when the application reaches a threshold.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left">Depends on application or solution.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Performance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Performance - Output / Print</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified the required print / outputs performance, turnaround times or deadlines? This may include locations &amp; volumes of print output.</td><td align="left">Ensures users or customers get the outputs they need, when they need them &amp; where they need them.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left">Depends on application or solution.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Performance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Throughput</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified the required business transaction volumes to be handled over a defined time period at implementation date &amp; the growth (after 6 months &amp; after 1 year)? For example number of quotes or number of claims. Focused on performance based on capacity.</td><td align="left">This ensures we build a scalable solution to meet what the business plan to do in the future.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Event</strong></td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"><strong>Is the process that monitors all events that occur through the AXA GO infrastructure.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Effective service operations is dependent on knowing the status of the infrastructure and detecting any deviation from the normal or expected operations.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Event</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Performance Monitoring &amp; Reporting</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any requirements that are needed for the system / service for manual or automated monitoring to highlight existing or upcoming issues with capacity or response times? This could include end to end monitoring or specific areas.</td><td align="left">Ensures we can monitor service levels and ensure that the system meets expectations. If not defined then a risk may need to be raised to say that IT will know when thresholds/limits have been exceeded until availability, reliability, performance will be impacted. Having performance monitoring helps to avoid availability issues by highlighting before they happen that action is needed - but building in this monitoring will have a cost.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Event</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Application Monitoring</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Based upon pre-agreed indicators the application behavior is monitored.</td><td align="left">Preventive measures can then be implemented thereby increasing the stability, reliability and availability of the IT infrastructure.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Service Continuity</strong></td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"><strong>This section covers any continuity requirements for the service or system. The Business &amp; IT Continuity managers should be engaged to assist with these requirements.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>See separate ARK template (Business &amp; IT Service Continuity Plan) for this where more details should be covered. However the requirements should be documented in the Requirements Definition Document.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Continuity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>IT Service Continuity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any requirements for IT for Service Continuity? This would include any Disaster Recovery requirements, level, plans, invocation criteria, tests &amp; timescales.</td><td align="left">This is very important - in the event of a disaster does the service have provision to recover from the disaster in the required timescales - have we may arrangements for testing this? This all comes at an often significant cost to the project.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Continuity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Business Service Continuity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any requirements for the Business for Service Continuity? As for IT but business aspects where relevant to the project (for example Physical Location). Work area recovery.</td><td align="left">It is important that any service has also addressed the people &amp; business aspects (if part of the project scope) so that it is not only the IT systems that are considered.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Continuity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Back-ups</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified, from a business point if view, the frequency and any special requirements such as off-site storage for Back-ups of data or code or a data restore test? Also include any restore of backups targets.</td><td align="left">There could be regulatory or other business reasons &amp; may result in additional cost or alternative design.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Continuity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Restore from Backup</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">In case of data corruption or other data problems the customer can request a restore from backup to a certain time stamp</td><td align="left">Ensures customer is able to resume work after restore of required data.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Continuity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Archiving</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified the requirements for archiving - when &amp; under what conditions will data be archived? Also specify why &amp; when the archived data is to be used.</td><td align="left">There could be regulatory or other business reasons &amp; may result in additional cost or alternative design.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Continuity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Restore from Archive</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Process used to restore archive files.</td><td align="left">Some platforms have unique archiving requirements in order to meet regulatory requirements.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Continuity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>DRP Test</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">The frequency and level of DR tests for the application or platform.</td><td align="left">Help with coordinating the resources required to conduct a DRP test and ensure manageability of the portfolio of platforms which require DRP testing.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Continuity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Disaster Recovery (RTO)</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">On entry of a disaster case for an affected application (e.g. damage of a data site by HW failure) the recovery of the services is guaranteed within the Recovery Time Objective (RTO)</td><td align="left">Help with expectation levels and identifying viable strategies for inclusion in the business continuity plan.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Continuity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Disaster Recovery (RPO)</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">The maximum amount of data that may be lost when Service is Restored after an interruption. Recovery Point Objective is expressed as a length of time before the Failure.</td><td align="left">Help with expectation levels and ensuring resources are properly allocated to meet capacity and performance requirements.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Continuity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>DR Capacity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">The provided capacity and performance on the failover infrastructure in case of a disaster as expected and agreed with customer</td><td align="left">Help with expectation levels and identifying viable strategies for inclusion in the business continuity plan.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Incident Management</strong></td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"><strong>The process used to minimize disruption to the business by restoring service operation to agreed level as quickly as possible.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>It is the most visible customer facing process so why it's important to be able to identify the business impact and apply the appropriate resources.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Incident</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Target Response Times (Incident Management)</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified The response time, i.e. the time taken to respond to the user when an incident of a certain severity is raised (usually with the Service Desk)? The response time is the time taken to respond to the user when an incident of a certain severity is raised (usually with the Service Desk). And the response time for support teams to respond from their notification.</td><td align="left">This would be used when agreeing contracts with third party supplier - this is often &quot;standard&quot; (see Analysis &amp; Design Help) when via AXA GO but may affect whether a service is considered business critical or not if the shortest available response time is required.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Incident</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Major Incident Handling</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Possibility to appoint one Single Point Of Contact (SPOC) for the following activities related to Incident Management<br />
- Communication (method and level)<br />
- Coordination<br />
- Escalation<br />
<br />
The contact person is named as Major Incident Manager (MIM) or on international level as Super-MIM.</td><td align="left">Helps with centralizing communication and addressing incidents in a timing manner.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Incident</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Incident reaction target inside L1 standard support hours</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Time span (inside the L1 Standard Support Hours) to provide a first qualified communication to end-users</td><td align="left">Helps address expectation.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Incident</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Incident reaction target outside L1 standard support hours</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Is the time span (outside the L1 Standard Support Hours) to provide a first qualified communication to end-users</td><td align="left">Helps address expectation.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Problem Management</strong></td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"><strong>Process used to minimize both the number and severity of incidents and potential problems to the business.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Instrumental in reducing the number of incidents that interrupts the business.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Problem</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Target Resolution/ Restoration Times</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified the resolution is the time, i.e. the time taken to resolve the incident of a certain severity?</td><td align="left">This has close ties with &quot;reliability&quot; - but if defining a new level of support with a third party, this may need to be considered so that it can be documented in a contract.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Problem</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Problem Management</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any requirements for problem management - the investigation of underlying problems &amp; prevention of incidents?</td><td align="left">If this service needs to proactive problem management capability, there ma y be an additional cost or some facilities need to be built in to allow this.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Problem</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Escalation</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any requirement relating to business escalation of high severity incidents in terms of timing &amp; level of people?</td><td align="left">Used for major incident management - needed if the service if deemed business critical</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Problem</strong></td><td align="left">Problem Solution Target</td><td align="left">TBD</td><td align="left">It is the time span to analyze the problem, to find and document the solution to be applied in order to fix it.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Problem</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Problem Resolution Target</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">It is the time span to fix the problem by implementing the agreed solution</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Service Level</strong></td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"><strong>Process used to ensure agreed services are delivered when and where they are supposed to be delivered.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Helps provide a clear expectation of the level of service to the business.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Support</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Support Agreements</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any changes to existing or new agreements needed as a result of the project (for example Third Parties - support is changing so a contract needs renegotiating).</td><td align="left">Although this is getting close to design of the support model it is important to identify anything as it may incur a cost to the project</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Support</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Usability</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">This is how well service / system supports the user. This is often the most difficult area of NFRs to define objective &amp; testable requirements.</td><td align="left">This is usually only relevant for direct user interaction (such as on-line systems). Other requirements such as Performance documented under capacity will also greatly affect the usability of a solution</td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Support</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Service Desk</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">The L1 Resolution Target indicates the number of incident tickets (interactions), which are solved by the L1 Service Desk during L1 Support Hours.</td><td align="left">Helps address expectation.</td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Support</strong></td><td align="left">L1 Communication</td><td align="left">TBD</td><td align="left">The communication describes the way, content and frequency how the Service Desk communicates with the customer.</td><td align="left">Helps address expectation.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Change Management</strong></td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong>The process used when introducing change to the infrastructure, it will ensure the use of standardized methods and procedures for the handling of any changes.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Solutions and IT infrastructure are constantly changing so it's important to have a structured process to keep up to date with the latest technologies.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Change Management</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Change Management</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Specify any requirements for introducing or amending the change management process in relation to future changes to this service.</td><td align="left">This is not which change management processes will a project follow but any changes needed to change management as a result of this project or how this service will be change managed once in production if it is non-standard. May require new or amended procedures.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Release &amp; Deployment Management</strong></td><td align="left"></td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong>The process used to build, test and deliver services to the customers specified by service design.<br />
The goal of release and deployment management is to deploy releases into operation and establish effective use of<br />
the service in order to deliver value to the customer.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Ensure that integrity of a release package and its constituent components is maintained throughout the transition activities and recorded accurately in the configuration management system</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Release Management</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Release Management</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any new requirements or changes need to release management facilities, processes or procedures as a result of this project? If it is a new system are there any requirements as to how releases would be managed in the future.</td><td align="left">From a project point of view, this will probably be documented in the Project Initiation Document, but we need to ensure that any changes to the release management system for example for a whole new platform are documented.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Reporting for IT</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Process used to report on the results achieved operationally.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>It provides information to both IT and business in order to make appropriate decisions.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Reporting</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Reporting on SLA</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Reporting on SLA's provides reports calculating the SLA's, according to the agreed calculation method.</td><td align="left">The reporting aims at presenting the result of the SLA's calculation, based on the raw data collected during the reference period. It highlights SLA achievement and failure as well.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Reporting</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Reporting on service</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Reporting on Service provides reports to ATS Service Management teams in order to allow them proper monitoring of the service and preparing Service meetings and service reviews.</td><td align="left">Based on the analysis of such reports, the Service Improvement Plan (SIP) is updated</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Reporting</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Reporting on Capacity</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">This service task aims at bringing together the capacity forecasts and the consumed capacity.</td><td align="left">This is done in order to regularly check how our infrastructure is shaped against future needs.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Compliance/Governance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong>The process to ensure solution is adhering to technical standards which align with regulatory requirements.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Ensuring solutions meet technical standards will help with organization strategic goals.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Compliance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Legal &amp; Regulatory &amp; TCF</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any requirements that are to do with meeting regulatory or legal considerations such as Data Protection Act.? Have you also considered AXA specific initiatives such as TCF?</td><td align="left">It is important to identify specific regulations that the solution needs to comply with. This may need interpretation by Compliance, Business Risk or other business experts. This then may result in additional functional requirements. This may include processing &amp; storing sensitive &amp; personal data requirements.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Compliance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>User Interface &amp; Branding Consistency</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any requirements to make service / system consistent with other systems e.g. look &amp; feel of AXA Website?</td><td align="left">So that the systems meet AXA Standard - external websites look like they part of AXA</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Compliance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Conformity with Standards</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Y</strong></td><td align="left">Have you ensured that the service / system has to comply with any documented standards? What are the standards &amp; where are they documented.</td><td align="left">This could compliance with architectural standards or business brand guidelines.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Compliance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Compliance Consulting</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Process in which you involve a compliance expert in order to address specific laws and regulations.</td><td align="left">A Compliance Officer is sometimes required in order to ensure complaisance against laws and regulations.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Compliance</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>Compliance<br />
Follow Up</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Procedures used to verify adherence to compliance requirements.</td><td align="left">Ensure that related applications or platforms stay compliant towards laws and regulations during their lifecycle</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Miscellaneous</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong>These are key requirements that do not fall under the other categories but may be vital ones that we need to document to ensure that the correct solution is estimated, designed &amp; delivered to meet the business need.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong>For some projects, complying with legislation may be the main reason behind the project &amp; this area could be the basis of all the functional &amp; non-function requirements.</strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="odd"><td align="left"><strong>Miscellaneous</strong></td><td align="left">Training</td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified what level of user skill &amp; knowledge will be needed - does it need to be intuitive?</td><td align="left">This is influenced by the expected use of the system e.g. broker systems may have very differently skilled users compared to a Customer Service person. So this would affect the design &amp; rollout of the system.</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"><strong> </strong></td><td align="left"> </td></tr><tr class="even"><td align="left"><strong>Miscellaneous</strong></td><td align="left">Software Testability</td><td align="left"><strong>TBD</strong></td><td align="left">Have you specified any factors that will assist with the testability of the software or system component or components:<br />
controllability: The degree to which it is possible to control the state of the component under test<br />
observability: The degree to which it is possible to observe (intermediate and final) test results.<br />
isolateability: The degree to which the component can be tested in isolation.<br />
separation of concerns: The degree to which the component has a single, well defined responsibility.<br />
understandability: The degree to which the component is documented or self-explaining.<br />
automatability: The degree to which it is possible to automate testing of the component under test.<br />
heterogeneity: The degree to which the use of diverse technologies requires to use diverse test methods and tools in parallel.</td><td align="left">A lower degree of testability results in increased test effort. In extreme cases a lack of testability may hinder or actually prevent testing of significant parts of the software or system</td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"> </td><td align="left"> </td></tr></tbody></table>
